Consolidate all YMDK keyboards into the YMDK directory (#12177)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/ymdk/yd60mq/readme.md

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

```sh

> make ymdk/yd60mq:default        # builds the 12 LED variant
> make ymdk/yd60mq/12led:default  # also builds the 12 LED variant
> make ymdk/yd60mq/16led:default  # builds the 16 LED variant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
qmk compile -kb ymdk/yd60mq -km default        # builds the 12 LED variant
qmk compile -kb ymdk/yd60mq/12led -km default  # also builds the 12 LED variant
qmk compile -kb ymdk/yd60mq/16led -km default  # builds the 16 LED variant
```

```

The keyboard uses a DFU bootloader. To make a keymap and use dfu to flash it:

```sh

> make ymdk/yd60mq:default:flash        # builds and flashes the 12 LED variant
> make ymdk/yd60mq/12led:default:flash  # also builds and flashes the 12 LED variant
> make ymdk/yd60mq/16led:default:flash  # builds and flashes the 16 LED variant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
qmk flash -kb ymdk/yd60mq -km default        # builds and flashes the 12 LED variant
qmk flash -kb ymdk/yd60mq/12led -km default  # also builds and flashes the 12 LED variant
qmk flash -kb ymdk/yd60mq/16led -km default  # builds and flashes the 16 LED variant
```
